# Sample KJAR

This repository contains the `Sample KJAR`, packaged as a `Knowledge JAR (KJAR)`, and was originally generated by the custom KJAR Maven Archetype in order to ensure compliancee with Maven best practices.  

## How To Build

This repository is built using `mvn clean install (deploy)` by either the CI/CD pipeline or on a local developer workstation.  Maven `install` places the packaged KJAR file into the local Maven `~/.M2/repository`.  Maven `deploy` places the packaged JAR file into the enterprise Maven repository *(ie: Artifactory)*.  

**Note**: To run a unit test, provided all depencencies are available to the KJAR via Maven, simply perform: `mvn clean install -DskipTests=false`.  If you wish to have unit test execution on by default, change the property in the KJAR's pom.xml to default the `skipTests` property to `false` _(true is the default)_.

## How To Deploy

This repository is simply packaged as a JAR file and stored in the application's enterprise Maven repository *(ie: Artifactory)*.

## How To Configure Logging

This project uses the logging framework [**Logback**](https://logback.qos.ch/) and [**SLF4J**](https://www.slf4j.org/) as the logging facade.  The logging configuraiton can be updated by modifying the file located at `src/main/resources/logback.xml`.  The various configuration settings in this file cover not only this project, but also any depencency where the `SLF4J` facade is being used.

**_Note_**: Logback was selected as the logging implementation over LOG4J based on recent news regarding security vulnerabilities with `LOG4J`.

### Package Logging Configuration
You can configure the logging level for varous packages by adding or updateing `logger` entries in the configuraiton file.  The following is an example of the logging configuration file:

```xml
  <configuration>
      <appender name="STDOUT" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%d{HH:mm:ss.SSS} [%thread] %-5level %logger{36} - %msg%n</pattern>
            </encoder>
      </appender>

	    <!-- Application Packages - Logging Configuration -->
      <logger name="com.ibm.bamoe.dmoe.adaptors.engine"	level="debug" /> 
      <logger name="com.ibm.bamoe.dmoe.testing"	        level="debug" /> 
      
      <!-- Drools (Red Hat) Packages - Logging Configuration -->
      <logger name="logging.level.org.drools.core.xml"                level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.drools.compiler.kie.builder.impl"             level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.drools.modelcompiler"                         level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.kie.server.api.marshalling.MarshallerFactory" level="error" /> 
      <logger name="org.kie.internal.pmml.PMMLImplementationsUtil"    level="error" /> 

      <!-- Cucumber (Unit Testing) - Logging Configuration -->

      <!-- JDK - Logging Configuration -->
      
      <!-- Global Logging Level -->
      <root level="error">
          <appender-ref ref="STDOUT" />
      </root>
    </configuration>
```

## Additional Information (*Appendicies*)
This repository is focused on business automation using **Red Hat’s Business Automation** products, which in turn rely on various open source tools and technology. The following online documentation is available in order to learn various aspects of these tools:

- [**Apache Maven**](https://maven.apache.org/) is a free and open source software project management and comprehension tool. Based on
  the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project’s build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of
  information. A **getting started guide** is available [here](http://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/).
- [**Git**](https://git-scm.com//) is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything
  from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency. There is a **handbook** available [here](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/), as well as various **guides** for learning and working with Git available [here](https://guides.github.com/
  - [**IBM Business Automation Manager Open Edition**](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibamoe) `IBM Business Automation Manager Open Editions`, which consists of `IBM Process Automation Manager Open Edition` and `IBM Decision Manager Open Edition`, offer developers the ability to build cloud-native applications that automate business operations. `IBM Process Automation Manager Open Edition` is a platform for developing containerized microservices and applications that automate processes and business decisions. `IBM Decision Manager Open Edition` is a separately available platform for developing containerized microservices and applications that automate business decisions, business rules, and complex event processing.
